Update observability doc structure and content (#35816)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/getting-started.rst

    </div>

> To access the dashboard, you should use `ray[default]`, `ray[air]` or :ref:`other installation commands <installation>` that include Ray Dashboard component. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the dashboard, use `ray[default]`, `ray[air]`, or :ref:`other installation commands <installation>` that include the Ray Dashboard component. For example:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  pip install -U "ray[default]"

> When you start a single-node Ray cluster on your laptop, you can access the dashboard through a URL printed when Ray is initialized (the default URL is **http://localhost:8265**) or via the context object returned from `ray.init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a single-node Ray Cluster on your laptop, access the dashboard with the URL that Ray prints when it initializes (the default URL is **http://localhost:8265**) or with the context object returned by `ray.init`.
```

  INFO worker.py:1487 -- Connected to Ray cluster. View the dashboard at 127.0.0.1:8265.

> When you start a remote Ray cluster via the :ref:`VM cluster launcher <vm-cluster-quick-start>`, :ref:`KubeRay operator <kuberay-quickstart>`, or manual configuration, Ray Dashboard will be launched on the head node but the dashboard port may not be publicly exposed. View :ref:`configuring dashboard <observability-configure-manage-dashboard>` for how to view dashboard from outside the head node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a remote Ray Cluster with the :ref:`VM Cluster Launcher <vm-cluster-quick-start>`, :ref:`KubeRay operator <kuberay-quickstart>`, or manual configuration, Ray Dashboard launches on the head node but the dashboard port may not be publicly exposed. View :ref:`configuring the dashboard <observability-configure-manage-dashboard>` for how to view Dashboard from outside the head node.
```

.. note::

>   When using the Ray dashboard, it is highly recommended to also set up Prometheus and Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When using the Ray Dashboard, it is highly recommended to also set up Prometheus and Grafana.
```

The Jobs View lets you monitor the different jobs that ran on your Ray cluster.

> A Ray :ref:`job <jobs-overview>` is a ray workload that uses Ray APIs (e.g., ``ray.init``). It is recommended to submit your job to clusters via :ref:`Ray job API <jobs-quickstart>`. You can also interactively run ray jobs (e.g., by executing a Python script within a head node).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Ray :ref:`job <jobs-overview>` is a Ray workload that uses Ray APIs (e.g., ``ray.init``). It is recommended to submit your job to clusters via :ref:`Ray job API <jobs-quickstart>`. You can also interactively run Ray jobs (e.g., by executing a Python script within a head node).
```

The job page displays a list of active, finished, and failed jobs, and clicking on an ID allows users to view detailed information about that job.
For more information on Ray jobs, see the :ref:`Ray Job Overview section <jobs-overview>`.

Job Profiling
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can profile Ray jobs by clicking on the “Stack Trace” or “CPU Flame Graph” actions. See :ref:` Profiling <profiling-concept>` for more details.

.. _dash-workflow-job-progress:

> Task and Actor Breakdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task and Actor breakdown
```

.. note::

>   Job detail page can only display or retrieve up to 10K tasks per job. If there are more than 10K tasks from your job,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Job Detail page can only display or retrieve up to 10K tasks per job. For jobs with more than 10K tasks,
```

Author: What I want to convey here is: "For the portion of tasks that exceed the 10K limit per job, they are unaccounted."

Reviewer: I see, then you described it well: 
"For Jobs with more than 10K Tasks, the portion of Tasks that exceed the 10K limit are unaccounted."

>   they are unaccounted. The number of unaccounted tasks is available from the task breakdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the tasks are unaccounted. The number of unaccounted tasks is available from the task breakdown.
```

        <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eqXfwM641a4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
    </div>

> The initial page showcases your general Serve configurations, a list of the Serve applications, and, if you have :ref:`Grafana and Prometheus <observability-visualization-setup>` configured, some high-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial page presents your general Serve configurations, a list of the Serve applications, and, if you have :ref:`Grafana and Prometheus <observability-visualization-setup>` configured, some high-level
```

> metrics of all your Serve applications. Click the name of a Serve application to go to the Serve Application Detail Page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metrics of your Serve applications. Click the name of a Serve application to go to the Serve Application Detail Page.
```

For each deployment, there are two available actions. You can view the Deployment config and, if you configured :ref:`Grafana and Prometheus <observability-configure-manage-dashboard>`, you can open
a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that deployment.

For each replica, there are two available actions. You can see the logs of that replica and, if you configured :ref:`Grafana and Prometheus <observability-visualization-setup>`, you can open

> a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that replica. Click on the replica name to go to the Serve Replica Detail Page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that replica. Click on the replica name to go to the Serve Replica Detail page.
```

> Serve Replica Detail Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serve Replica Detail page
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This page shows metadata about the Serve replica, high-level metrics about the replica if you configured :ref:`Grafana and Prometheus <observability-visualization-setup>`, and
a history of completed :ref:`tasks <core-key-concepts>` of that replica.

Serve Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Ray serve exports various time-series metrics to understand the status of your Serve application over time. More details of these metrics can be found :ref:`here <serve-production-monitoring-metrics>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Serve exports various time-series metrics to help you understand the status of your Serve application over time. Find more details about these metrics :ref:`here <serve-production-monitoring-metrics>`.
```

> In order to store and visualize these metrics, you must set up Prometheus and Grafana by following the instructions :ref:`here <observability-visualization-setup>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store and visualize these metrics, set up Prometheus and Grafana by following the instructions :ref:`here <observability-visualization-setup>`.
```

    </div>
 

> Ray exports default metrics which are available from the Metrics View. Here are some available example metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray exports default metrics, which are available from the Metrics View. Here are some available example metrics.
```

.. note::

  The metrics view required the Prometheus and Grafana setup. See :ref:`Configuring and Managing the Dashboard <observability-visualization-setup>` to learn how to set up Prometheus and Grafana.

> The metrics view lets you view visualizations of the time series metrics emitted by Ray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metrics view provides visualizations of the time series metrics emitted by Ray.
```

> The logs view lets you view all the Ray logs in your cluster. It is organized by node and log file name. Many log links in the other pages link to this view and filter the list so the relevant logs appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Logs view lists the Ray logs in your cluster. It is organized by node and log file name. Many log links in the other pages link to this view and filter the list so the relevant logs appear.
```

>   If the driver is executed directly on the head node of the Ray cluster (without the job API) or run via :ref:`Ray client <ray-client-ref>`, the driver logs are not accessible from the dashboard. In this case, see the terminal output to view the driver logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the driver is executed directly on the head node of the Ray Cluster (without the job API) or run with :ref:`Ray client <ray-client-ref>`, the driver logs are not accessible from the dashboard. In this case, see the terminal output to view the driver logs.
```

**Task and Actor Logs (worker logs)**

Task and actor logs are accessible from the :ref:`task and actor table view <dash-workflow-state-apis>`. Click the "Log" button.

> You can see the ``stdout`` and ``stderr`` logs that contain the output emitted from the tasks and actors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the ``stdout`` and ``stderr`` logs that contain the output emitted from Tasks and Actors.
```

> For actors, you can also see the system logs logs for the corresponding worker process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Actors, you can also see the system logs for the corresponding worker process.
```

.. note::

>     Logs of aysnc actor tasks or threaded actor tasks (concurrency>1) are only available as part of the actor logs. Follow the instruction in Dashboard to view the actor logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Logs of aysnchronous Actor Tasks or threaded Actor Tasks (concurrency>1) are only available as part of the Actor logs. Follow the instruction in Dashboard to view the Actor logs.
```

**Task and Actor Errors**

> You can easily identify failed tasks or actors by looking at the job progress bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily identify failed Tasks or Actors by looking at the job progress bar.
```

> The task/actor table displays the name of the failed tasks or actors and provides access to their corresponding log or error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Task and Actor tables display the name of the failed Tasks or Actors, respectively. They also provide access to their corresponding log or error messages.
```
